Mindlet Privacy Policy

Mindlet App. takes your privacy seriously and will uphold the highest standards to protect it. By using our app Mindlet or by visiting our website, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy. Mindlet and the website may contain links to other sites or products and we are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of other companies. When linking to another company, you should read that company's privacy policy.

What information do we collect?
All information collected is aggregated and anonymized to protect individual users. We only use this data in aggregate form, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that would identify you personally, in order to improve our product. Data on device type, operating system, and the user experience is automatically collected when using our product and solely used to optimize and improve the usability of our products and the website.

Permissions to the App
Mindlet requires permission to access your device’s camera, microphone, and media library. These permissions are crucial for various inbuilt features and to provide you a better in-app experience. However, we do not, in any way, store this information for any usage outside the app.

Network access in Mindlet
Mindlet can download media and documents over both, Wifi and Mobile data. This is to ensure a seamless in-app experience without any interruptions.

Information we do not collect
Mindlet does not collect any personal information in Mindlet or on the website. Mindlet does not have access to content you create in Mindlet or to files you import into Mindlet . Your work is your information.

Third-party cloud services
With Mindlet, you can backup your data on cloud services like Dropbox, OneDrive, Google Drive, Evernote, or more. However, Mindlet will not be able to access this data, as they are picked dynamically from 3rd party service providers. By using this feature you understand and confirm that your data will be stored in these 3rd party cloud servers until you delete.

What we do with the information?
Information collected is solely used to develop and improve the user experience and the product or website. No personal information is collected and all information is anonymized and aggregated before use. We neither rent nor sell any information that we collect.

Email Communications
If we receive an email from you or a communication via a social network, we use that information to best serve you through the channel which you contacted Mindlet.

Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use information, we will update this page. Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when he or she uses the product or website after such changes have been first posted.

Questions or Concerns
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy, please send us a detailed message to z19311@hotmail.com. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.

Effective Date: September 5, 2020
